content/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Home"
date: 2018-02-10T18:56:13-05:00
sitemap:
  priority : 1.0

outputs:
- html
- rss
- json

---

<br />

I have over 17 years of technical writing experience, including 10 years of working remotely, in:

- Scoping and creating technical content,
- Designing information architecture strategies,
- Leading documentation projects, and
- Managing technical writing teams.

I am currently the first Technical Writer in the APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan) engineering teams at Amazon Web Services Australia.

Over the last 10 years, I have worked with software and API development teams, creating technical specifications, API documentation, content for developer portals, and implementation guides for bespoke solutions.
You can best describe me as "_A technical writer who appreciates the depth of technology and isn't afraid to dive deeper when needed._"

I initiated the [Write the Docs](https://www.writethedocs.org/) community in Australia, contributed to an open source project in the [Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/2019/participants) in 2019, and managed Redocly's open source documentation project and mentored technical writers as part of [Google Season of Docs 2021](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/participants). I also actively mentor aspiring and transitioning technical writers through the [ADPList](https://adplist.org/mentors/swapnil-ogale) platform.

Since 2014, I have been adding to my public speaking skills by presenting at technical documentation conferences in India, US, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.

Commit message:

Updated home page with book details

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Home"
date: 2018-02-10T18:56:13-05:00
sitemap:
  priority : 1.0

outputs:
- html
- rss
- json

---

<br />

I have over 17 years of technical writing experience, including 10 years of working remotely, in:

- Scoping and creating technical content,
- Designing information architecture strategies,
- Leading documentation projects, and
- Managing technical writing teams.

I am currently the first Technical Writer in the APJ (Asia Pacific and Japan) Centre of Excellence team at Amazon Web Services Australia, responsible for enabling software engineers and solution architects create and deliver better technical content for our customers.

Over the last 10 years, I have worked with software and API development teams, creating technical specifications, API documentation, content for developer portals, and implementation guides for bespoke solutions.
You can best describe me as "_A technical writer who appreciates the depth of technology and isn't afraid to dive deeper when needed._"

I initiated the [Write the Docs](https://www.writethedocs.org/) community in Australia, contributed to an open source project in the [Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/2019/participants) in 2019, managed Redocly's open source documentation project and mentored technical writers as part of [Google Season of Docs 2021](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/participants). I also actively mentor aspiring and transitioning technical writers through the [ADPList](https://adplist.org/mentors/swapnil-ogale) platform. 

Published in 2024, I contributed to the [2nd edition of the Technical Writing process](https://boffin.education/the-technical-writing-process-2024-2nd-edition/) book, covering some parts of the Design chapters.

Since 2014, I have been adding to my public speaking skills by presenting at technical documentation conferences in India, US, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
